Roadmap (#3529)
PrismJS/prism: ROADMAP.md

# Roadmap for v2

> Over the years, there have been many great suggestions that we were not able to implement due to them being a breaking change.
> Now, we are currently work on Prism v2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Prism finally moving towards v2, we finally have an opportunity to revisit the many breaking changes we've received over the years. Below are some of the changes we'll be implementing, and how.
```

> ## ESM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ESM for component dependencies
```

Author: Not really true. Everything will use ESM.

The basic idea was that the one loading a component was responsible for loading its dependencies.
This meant that Prism's components could be loaded with any module system or none at all.
Components could even be imported in the browser with simple `<script>` tags.

However, this system has one problem: you can get the dependencies wrong.
When components are imported in the wrong order or dependencies forgotten, you'd only get a cryptic error.

With Prism v2, component dependencies will be handled entirely by the components themselves.
We will use ESM to handle all required dependencies statically and handle optional dependencies are runtime automatically.
This will make importing a component as simple as importing a single file.

Since ESM isn't supported everywhere, we will offer 2 distributions: ESM and bundled.
The bundle distribution of a component will be one monolithic file with all of its dependencies included.

For more information see #2715, #2880, and #2736.

## Public API

We also plan a few other changes to the public API.
These changes will generally make the API simpler and resolve accumulated tech debt.

> For more information see #3416, #3528, #2948, #3420, #2982, and #1844.

Reviewer: I think we should probably list these out here, or at least link them because [they aren't linked automatically](https://github.com/PrismJS/prism/blob/64404104d6d789758acb42b6c07bd73694cfbfcb/ROADMAP.md).

> ## IE11

Reviewer: We should probably expand this more broadly to be our browser support policy.

Author: Well, then: What is our browser support policy?

Author: I suppose it's: we require ES6. Everything that doesn't fully support ES6, isn't supported.
